# GRAPHICS RENDERING

## Shaders

## Low-Level

## Vulkan / DX12

Breaking Down Barriers - Part 1 : What's a Barrier ?
https://mynameismjp.wordpress.com/2018/03/06/breaking-down-barriers-part-1-whats-a-barrier/

Using Arrays of Textures in Vulkan Shaders
http://kylehalladay.com/blog/tutorial/vulkan/2018/01/28/Textue-Arrays-Vulkan.html

Codegen for Fast Vulkan
https://anteru.net/blog/2018/codegen-for-fast-vulkan/

## GPU-Based Occlusion Culling

Experiments in GPU-Based Occlusion Culling
https://interplayoflight.wordpress.com/2017/11/15/experiments-in-gpu-based-occlusion-culling/

Experiments in GPU-Based Occlusion Culling Part 2 : MultiDrawIndirect and Mesh Lodding
https://interplayoflight.wordpress.com/2018/01/15/experiments-in-gpu-based-occlusion-culling-part-2-multidrawindirect-and-mesh-lodding/

GPU-Driven Rendering Pipelines
http://advances.realtimerendering.com/s2015/aaltonenhaar_siggraph2015_combined_final_footer_220dpi.pdf

## Lighting

Voxel Lighting
https://0fps.net/2018/02/21/voxel-lighting/

Horizon-Based Indirect Lighting (HBIL)
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fmceYuM5J2s8puNHZ9o4OF3YjqzIvmRR/view

## Frame Analysis

The Rendering of Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor
http://www.elopezr.com/the-rendering-of-middle-earth-shadow-of-mordor/

Doom (2016) - Graphics Study
http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/

## Premultiplied Alpha

Pre-Multiplied Alpha
https://github.com/dtrebilco/PreMulAlpha

## GPU Architecture

A trip through the Graphics Pipeline 2011: Index
https://fgiesen.wordpress.com/2011/07/09/a-trip-through-the-graphics-pipeline-2011-index/

## Color spaces

The coverage of real surface colors by RGB color spaces and wide gamut displays
http://www.tftcentral.co.uk/articles/pointers_gamut.htm

Don't convert sRGB U8 to Linear U8 !
https://blog.demofox.org/2018/03/10/dont-convert-srgb-u8-to-linear-u8/

## Physically Based Rendering

Importance Sampling Techniques for GGX with Smith Masking-Shadowing: Part 1
https://schuttejoe.github.io/post/ggximportancesamplingpart1/

Importance Sampling Techniques for GGX with Smith Masking-Shadowing: Part 2
https://schuttejoe.github.io/post/ggximportancesamplingpart2/

## Unsorted (bad)

Rendering in Camera Space(ish)
http://pharr.org/matt/blog/2018/03/02/rendering-in-camera-space.html

Vertex Formats Part 1 : Compression
http://www.yosoygames.com.ar/wp/2018/03/vertex-formats-part-1-compression/

Vertex Formats Part 2 : Fetch vs Pull
http://www.yosoygames.com.ar/wp/2018/03/vertex-formats-part-2-fetch-vs-pull/

Screen-filling Rasterization using Screen-Aligned Quads and Triangles
https://www.cginternals.com/en/blog/2018-01-10-screen-aligned-quads-and-triangles.html

Simulation and Rendering Massive Crowds of Intelligent and Detailed Creatures on GPU
http://www.chrisoat.com/papers/Oat-Tatarchuk-Froblins-Siggraph2008.pdf
